# The 'Mexican Standoff' Between Product Managers, Designers, and Engineers

The tension and interdependence between product managers, designers, and engineers - where each role is waiting for the other to move first, creating a deadlock in the product development process.


I love I love the way you go from just like macro to just like end of one. And I wanna go to end of one. A lot of the listeners of this podcast are product managers, they're engineers, they're designers. They're not a lot of there's a lot of founders, but there's also a lot of non founders. There's a lot of people building product that aren't founders.
And, uh, obviously, a lot of people are worried about where their career is going. Is one of these roles gonna disappear? Is one of these roles gonna do really well? How do I stay up to date? You're close with a lot of teams, a lot of product teams.
What's your sense of just the future of these three very specific roles? Product manager, engineer, designer. This, I think, is a really funny question. So these three roles in particular, obviously, are kind of the central roles for for building, you know, for tech companies. So the way I've been describing it is, you know, you know the concept of the Mexican standoff, right, which is the movie scene where the, you know, the two guys have guns pointing each other's heads.
Mhmm. Um
, and then there's if you watch, like, John Woo movies, he loves to have he does the three way Mexican standoff where you've got, like, a triangle, you know, people in, like, the, you know, in the grocery zone movie, they've got, you know, guns in both hands. So they're all each each is aiming at the other two. Yeah. Um, and you got this kind of standoff situation. So the the way I've been describing this is there's like a Mexican standoff happening between those three roles, between product manager, designer, and and coder.
Specifically, the following, which is every coder now believes they can also be a product manager and a designer, right, because they have AI. Every product manager thinks they can be a coder and a designer, and then every designer knows they can be a product manager, right, and a and a coder. Right? And so people in each of those roles now, you know, or believe that with AI, they they don't need the other two roles anymore. Right?

They they they can do that because they can have AI do that. And then, of course and then, of course, there's the real irony, which is, you know, the all the three all three of them are gonna realize that AI can also be a better manager. Right? So they're gonna they're gonna be aiming the guns up the org chart, but that that that's probably the that's the next phase. And what I think is so fascinating about this Mexican staff is they're actually all kind of correct, I think.

And so, again, this this goes back to the the the super this kind of idea of the super empowered individual, uh
, where if if I'm a coder, like, you know I mean, step one is, like, I need to make sure that I really understand AI coding and, like, what that means and what how coding is gonna change in the future. You know, that I need to under you know, specifically how to go from being a coder who writes code entirely by hand to being a coder who, you know, orchestrates, you know, a dozen instances of of, you know, coding bots. You know, there's there's a change in the actual job of coding itself, which is which is happening right now. But the other part of it is, okay, how do I become that super powered individual? How do I become a coder that also then harnesses AI so that I can also be a great product manager and I I can also be a great designer?
Right? And then the same thing for the product manager, which is how do I make sure that I can now use coding tools? How do I make sure I can also, you know, do AI AI based design? And the same thing for the designer, which is how do I use AI to be also become a coder and also become a product manager? And then what you get is maybe the maybe the the those individual roles change, like, maybe those are not any more sort of stovepipe roles of the way that, you know, they have been for the last thirty years or whatever.
Uh
, but what happens is that the talented people in any of those roles become superpowered, and they become good at doing all three of those things. Um, and then and then those people become incredibly valuable because then those are people who can actually, like, you know, build a design, right, and do products right from scratch, which is like the, you know, the which is which is the most valuable thing. Uh, and so I I think I think that's I think I think that's the opportunity. Uh, so I love this answer. So what I'm hearing is essentially, uh, if you're amazing at any of these three roles, you will do well.

Number one, if you're amazing at these roles, that's great. But also you part part of being amazing in these roles is also being being able to fully harness the new technology. Right? So if you're if you're a master coder today and you you don't ever get to the point where you you figure out how to use AI to leverage your coding skills, you know, and and and do more. Right?


And that's, you know, those are the people who are like the real creative forces that move the field. And so and so again and by the way, Hollywood it's just really funny. I've spent spent spending a lot of time talking to Hollywood people about AI. Hollywood has the same Mexican standoff going, um
, right now that we that we described in attack except in Hollywood, for example, for filmmaking, it's the director, it's the writer, and the actor. Right? Because the director is now thinking, wow. I don't need the writer anymore because AI can write the script, and I don't need the actor anymore because I can have AI actors. The writer is saying, well, I don't need the director because I can direct the movie and the AI can do the actors.
And the actor is saying, I don't need either one of these guys. I can have AI director thing. I can have the AI write the thing, and I'm just gonna show up and do my performance. Right? And so so it's it's it's the same it's the same kind of tri triangular configuration.
And, again, what what's great about it is they're all correct. Right? Each person in each of those three fields is going to be able to expand laterally and pick up those other those additional skills. And then as a consequence, you're gonna have more people who can write and direct or write and act or direct and act or do all three. And I think, you know, to your point, like, your your T shaped thing, like, I I think that's gonna be true basically across the entire economy.
And and and if you think about the t is you know, if you think about the t configuration, it's like, yeah. The breadth the breadth the breadth, the top of the t is, like, how many individual domains are you familiar enough with to be able to use the AI tools to be able to do really good work? And then the the this part of the t is how deep can you go in at least one of those domains so that you really, really deeply know what you're doing. But, like, if you're, like, super deep on coding and you can use AI to do design and you can use AI to do product management, right, that that's your t right there. And and you're a triple threat at the top of the tea, but with this level of technical grounding underneath that.
And, I mean, at that point, you're again, you're the superpowered individual. You're gonna be able to just perform, like, feats of magic, uh
, for example, in terms of designing and building new products, you know, that the people in my generation couldn't have even dreamed of. And so I I think I think that this is a universal kind of theory that I think can can apply across the entire economy. I'm gonna invent a new framework right now. Okay. Forget the t framework.
