One is the trust that a lot of people have had and kind of what you could describe as kind of legacy institutions around the world is, I I think, in kind of full scale collapse right now. By the way, there's a lot of data data to support that. And so I think there's just there's there's like a lot of structures and orders and, uh
, institutions that people have just relied on for a long time that have just proven to not be up for the up for the challenge. And then kinda corresponding with that is the national and global conversation have become, like, let's say, liberated. And so, you know, this sort of incredible revolution that we have in kind of, you know, what I would describe as freedom of speech, freedom of thought, um, ability for people to openly discuss things that maybe they couldn't discuss even a few years ago, you know, it's just dramatically expanded. And I think that's now on a on a one way train for just a much broader…range of discourse. And then, you know, there's also just these, like, incredibly massive geopolitical shifts that are happening.

And, obviously, the the US is changing a lot. Europe is changing a lot. China's changing a lot. Latin America, by the way, is changing a lot, very dramatic, you know, events playing out down there right now. You know, kind of all over the world, like, I think a lot of assumptions are being pulled out in the into the daylight and reexamined.

And then it's kind of the fact that all these things are happening at the same time. Right? And so you've got all of these countries and industries, you know, where things are kind of increasing upheaval, but you have AI as this kind of new technology that's gonna really affect things. And then you've got, you know, people, you know, citizens being able to fully participate, uh
, being able to argue things out. So it's kinda like those three kinda big mega things are kind of all colliding, um, at the same time, and I I think we're probably just the very beginning of all three of those. And those all feel like kind of, you know, historical, you know, moment shifts. You know, comparable in magnitude to maybe the fall of the Berlin Wall in nineteen eighty nine, you know, maybe maybe the end of World War two, um, you know, kind of moments like that. It certainly feels like that.
