But then there's this other thing that's happening which we're also starting to see and we're really seeing it particularly in coding right now, um, where the really great people are becoming like spectacularly great. And so…
you kind of use it, use the term. You think about like the super empowered individual. So, the individual who is like really good at coding or really good at making movies or really good at making songs or really good at designing, you know, making art or whatever whatever those things are or you know, or podcasting or, you know, hopefully venture capital. You know, if if you're very good at it and you can really harness AI, you can become spectacularly great, uh, like super productive. Right?

And, you know, you I'm sure you have a lot of friends in this in this category as well, but, like, you know, the the the really, really good coders are experiencing this right now. My friends are really good coders. They're like, oh my god. All of a sudden, I'm not twice as good as I used to be. I'm like ten times as use as good as I used to be.

And so I think at the at the unit of, like, n equals one of, like, an individual kid, I think the question is kind of how do you get them in a position where they're kind of this kind of super empowered individual such that they're gonna be really kind of deep in whatever it is they're gonna do, but they're gonna they're gonna be deep in a way that's gonna let them fully use the power of AI to be not just great, but to be, like, spectacularly great. Um
, and and I think that that that's that's gonna be the real you know, that that that that that's the real opportunity and that, you know, at least that's what we're shooting for and that's what I would encourage parents to shoot for. So what I heard there is essentially agency. This word that we see on Twitter all the time is building, uh, agency, them not waiting for someone to tell them what to do, figuring out what to do. Yeah. Yeah.
