https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7369145933382492161/

I interviewed 40+ tech PMs about how they use AI to make their workday better.

Here's some conclusions!

(Not about using AI in their products, that's a whole different topic that we didn't touch on.)


Exec summary: everyone thinks everyone else is doing AI better than them, but it's not clear anyone is nailing it.


(1) Document creation.

The biggest use case. PRDs, user stories, interview questions, release notes, feature breakdowns, etc.

Lots of people have bespoke workflows for getting Claude or ChatGPT to give them a ~40% done doc, skipping the "blank page problem". Some custom GPTs.

They go back and forward a bit with the LLM hoping to get to 80%+ before they then finish the doc by hand. Wrestling with context sounded like a problem. People had tried things like ChatPRD but no-one had got far with specific tools.

Everyone's flow was completely different, everyone thought they were doing it inefficiently.


(2) Prototyping.

Quite a few use Lovable or v0 by Vercel or bolt.new (etc) to prototype.

This seems to be a comms tool replacing wireframing. It speeds up comms with designers/devs, or with execs. It also seems to help people flesh out their thoughts, and some use it to put in front of users for testing.

Yeah, there are limitations, but everyone seemed to like this use case.


(3) User comms analysis.

People are pumping user feedback and support requests into Twine or Sauce and hoping that something actionable comes out.

General vibe was that this isn't working well yet.

Too big clusters ("user experience challenges") or too small clusters ("a user clicked this button and got an error") - not much insight.


(4) General comms.

Actually this is probably the biggest use case - recording calls. Fathom - AI Meeting Assistant, Granola, Gemini, etc etc etc. Everyone has transcripts, no-one seems to have particularly operationalised them yet.

Internal comms - things like Slack AI - seems similar. There's promise, but basically it's still down to the human to pull signal from the noise.


(5) Market research.

A few people use LLMs as smarter web search which can join dots better, and accelerate you to conclusions. Perplexity seems ok at this. Main concern: watch out for numbers - the LLM might mess up graphing trends over time.


(6) Ideation and brainstorming.

Using the LLM to replace/supplement conversations with a smart peer. This is potentially super effective, with the main challenge raised being that of giving the LLM enough context so it doesn't say dumb or useless things.


🤮 Copilot.

Quite a few people work in orgs where they can only access a locked down version of Microsoft Copilot. Not many of those people have good things to say about it. (Disclaimer: I haven't tried it.)


Conclusion:

A bunch of really good use cases, more came up live in the room. This highlighted for me:

_There's no best practice yet. Everyone's learning from everyone else._


Let me know thoughts in the comments please 🙏


General